Dear, success is not enough, there are more failures.
Dad.
Sister, my arm is broken.
Oh, it's all like that.
Brother, you must avenge me.
You rest assured of convalescence.
Don't worry, I will definitely notify you of this enemy.
Thank you, brother-in-law.
He has a tiger behind him.
What about our enemies?
Isn't the Tiger Family's strength many people?
Compared to having money, the ten Tigers are not equal to our house.
I heard Asen said you had a business deal.
Hui Yeon, how about you and I swallow the entire Su family together?
Haha, the fortune of the To family was broken by hundreds of billions.
Even if you and I work together, it will be difficult to move to Su.
I have a plan.
Tell me.
Oh.
What's my plan?
That sounds good.
But the question is, where are we going to make that much money?
Don't worry.
I have my own way of money.
Oh.